{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf500
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12060\viewh10660\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 1.  \
function removeDuplicates(strings) \{\
	let uniqueStrings = \{\};\
	for(let i = 0; i < array.length; i ++) \{\
		uniqueStrings[strings[i]];\
	return uniqueStrings.keys();\
		\
\
2. Filtering data on the server side means that you don\'92t have to download large amounts of data to the client side. Filtering on server side also means that you\'92re working with the most up to date data rather than having to download the data and check it it\'92s up to date. Having to download large amounts of data to client side for filtering could also slow down performance. \
\
3. jQuery is a Javascript library that gives simpler syntax for developers to manipulate and access the DOM tree as well as use event handlers and animations. jQuery allows for writing fewer lines of code and speeding up the development process. However, if you are writing a very simple application and only use jQuery to solve a small problem, it might not be worth it since it requires downloading the whole library. \
\
4. The snippet of code does nothing to validate or check the input from the $_POST. It does not check for SQL injection from the front end. Something to try to make this more secure is to use parameterized queries using PDO. \
\
Project: This application is built using Meteor.js. It uses mongoDB. It is a real time application and is one page. }